Lola (1): Loves TALENT, Hates FLIRTATION
TAILORING (a fashion designer), WINTER_BOOTS (a snow bunny)
Do you think there should be more women in positions of power?
   Sure, as long as she's the most qualified person for the job.
If you started a business, what kind of business would it be?
   I'd start a fashion company just to compete with yours.
In your opinion, what's the best day of the week?
   Monday, because you can start the week with a clean slate.
What's more important to you... being happy or being successful?
   Success at any cost... even if it means being unhappy for a while.
What advice would you give to a person that just graduated high school?
   Life isn't fair and complaining about it doesn't help.
What would you do if you found out you only had one month to live?
   I'd travel around the world and try to experience as much as I could.
What accomplishment in your life are you most proud of?
   I'm pretty proud that I got to nail a stewardess in an airplane bathroom.
What kind of people do you look up to, or aspire to be like?
   I want to be one of those billionaire assholes that owns their own jet.
What's something you'd like to learn but just haven't found the time yet?
   There are so many sports that I need to learn how to play properly.
What's the most recent thing you've done for the very first time?
   A few months ago I moved into a brand new penthouse apartment.
How do you deal with failure?
   I just try the date again later. There's no real penalty for losing.
What's the top item on your bucket list?
   Something exhilarating, like skydiving or bungie jumping!

Jessie (2): Loves ROMANCE, Hates TALENT
ALCOHOL (a heavy drinker), PEEP_TOES (an adult actress)
Should I get a face lift? I think it would really help my career if I was prettier.
   If it'll make you happy, then sure, why not? It can't hurt.
If you could have me at any age, how old would you want me to be?
   Forty. If you ask me, women age like a fine wine.
Would you ever consider marrying someone who's ten years older than you?
   For the right woman, I'd be willing to overlook the age gap.
Do you think I should quit smoking?
   Secretly, I hope you don't. It's kinda sexy when you smoke.
What do you miss most about being a kid?
   Not having to think about sex every waking moment of my fucking life.
Sometimes I wonder... would I have been better off if I chose not to have my daughter?
   That's pretty fucked up. How could you say that about your own daughter?
If she ever stops ignoring me, I'd love to introduce you to my daughter someday. Would you be okay with that?
   Maybe some day... I don't like to rush into anything too serious, you know?
I know you've had sex with a porn star... but have you ever had sex with a prostitute?
   I'm not proud of it, but, I did pay for sex once in a moment of weakness.
Have you ever thought about anything more than just sex between us?
   I tried once but my mind went right back to sex.
How much did you miss me over the past couple of years?
   A lot, actually. I think about your tits pretty much every night before bed.
What do you want to do with me that we haven't already done?
   I don't know, how about just like... slow, intimate love making?
Be honest... have you looked up any of my porn videos since we met?
   I'd be lying if I said curiosity hasn't gotten the best of me...

Lillian (3): Loves SEXUALITY, Hates FLIRTATION
OCCULT (an angsty teen), BOOTIES (a goth girl)
Where do you like, spend most of your time?
   Laying in my room staring up at the ceiling.
Do you have any piercings?
   Just one... but I'm not telling you where.
What do you think I should do for my next tattoo?
   A big butterfly on your lower back.
How many followers do you have on QuickiePic?
   I'm not sure, maybe a few thousand?
You know the seven deadly sins? Which one are you like, most guilty of?
   Wrath, because I don't take shit from anyone.
If somebody was under twenty-one and wanted you to buy them beer, would you do it?
   Sure, why not? What do I care?
If you contacted a dead person, what would you like, wanna ask them?
   Are you allowed to haunt people you don't like?
If you could choose, how would you want to die?
   Being suffocated by a girl sitting on my face.
What do you do when there's like, fucking nothing to do?
   I always say... if you can't find someTHING to do, find someONE to do.
What's liiiike, the most fucked up place you've ever had sex?
   Recently? An airplane bathroom.
Would you rather be a vampire, a ghost, oooorr... a werewolf?
   Vampire, duh! Who doesn't want to be a vampire?
What's like, the time you were like, most afraid?
   A horrific dream I had where death was chasing me.

Zoey (4): Loves TALENT, Hates SEXUALITY
SPIRITUAL (a real weirdo), CYBER_BOOTS (a cyber chick)
It's a fear of being unremarkable that drives her forward... a desire to leave her mark on the world...
   The person who immediately comes to mind is Lola.
There's a deep sadness... and much regret. She wishes she could start over, but fears it's far too late...
   As soon as you started saying that I thought, this has to be Jessie.
A lost soul... confused about her place in the world, lashes out at the people who care for her most...
   You know who you're probably thinking about? Lillian.
A lack of meaning leaves a gap in this one's life... a gap she tries to cover up with shallow distractions...
   I think I'm gonna have to go with Suki on that one.
There's feelings of dislike... not toward others, no... toward herself. She views herself as below others...
   If I had to guess, I'd say... I don't know, Lailani?
No, wait... I lost it. How peculiar... I was sensing thoughts for a moment... and now, nothing...
   I'm thinking that's probably Candace.
It's a past filled with hardship, and betrayal. This one's walled herself off, to avoid being hurt again...
   That sounds a lot like it might be Nora.
There's a fear... a fear of mortality... of growing old. She'll stop at nothing to feel young once again...
   Based on that description, I'd go with... Brooke?
Growing ever more tired of life's routine and monotony, she seeks... new challenges, and exciting risks...
   If that doesn't describe Ashley, I don't know what does.
I'm getting... images... images of... wait, is she going to fit that whole thing in there? It's not possible!
   That's definitely Abia, without a doubt.
Despite an overwhelming amount of love in her life, she continues to seek acceptance from those closest...
   That's a tough one, but I think you're talking about Polly.

Sarah (5): Loves FLIRTATION, Hates SEXUALITY
WEEABOO (a smelly weeb), PLATFORMS (a japanophile)
What kinda anime do you like to watch?
   Action anime where they battle for the fate of the world.
What do you think is usually better? The manga, the anime, or the live action movie?
   I'd have to go with the anime. Most of the time, anyway.
What's your favorite kinda video game? Huh? Huh? HUH!?
   I like the cute games where you get to decorate your house.
Do you have a favorite character class that you choose in RPG games?
   I'm usually a wizard of some kind. I just like magic.
What kinda girl do you go for first in dating sim games?
   I like the virgin girl with the shy personality.
How do you prefer to watch a television series?
   I wait until the series is done and then binge watch the whole thing.
If you could have a superpower, what would you want it to be?
   I want the ability to shoot lasers out of my eyes.
What do you think I should do first when I visit Japan?
   Go into the city and spend all your money on stupid stuff.
I'm thinking I should change my nail polish color. What color should I go with?
   I kinda like the yellow. I say leave them as they are.
What kinda stuff do you and your friends do together?
   Sometimes we get together to play board games and stuff.
Do you like chubby girls?
   A little chub can be cute, but there's a limit...
Do you have any cavities?
   Oh yeah, are you kidding? My mouth is a train wreck.

Lailani (6): Loves ROMANCE, Hates SEXUALITY
SPA (a masseuse), FLIP_FLOPS (an innocent girl)
Do you think girls look better with or without makeup?
   I like a little bit of makeup, but not the whole counter.
When you get really anxious or nervous, how do you calm yourself down?
   I start doing a different activity that will distract my mind.
How important do you think, umm... s-sex is, in a romantic relationship?
   To me? Extremely important. I'd go crazy without it!
How do you feel about those online dating sites?
   I'd much rather find a way to meet someone in real life.
Have you ever been in a long distance relationship?
   Yeah, but it was a bad idea. Never doing that again!
Do you think it's a good idea for people to remain friends with their exes?
   Sure... if you still care about the person, why not?
Would you rather live in a big city, the suburbs, or in the middle of nowhere?
   You can't beat the suburbs. It's the best of both worlds.
Can you tell what kind of person somebody is just by looking at them?
   I have pretty good intuition about people most of the time.
Do you have an embarrassing secret that you've never told anyone?
   I was a virgin up until about two years go...
What are your thoughts on forgiveness?
   You should strive to forgive everyone, no matter what they did.
If you could change anything about your physical appearance, would you?
   I might make a few little tweaks... but nothing too crazy.
Have you ever had a lucid dream, where you're aware that you're dreaming?
   I've never had a lucid dream, but I've always wanted to!

Candace (7): Loves FLIRTATION, Hates ROMANCE
TODDLER_TOYS (a slow learner), STRIPPER_HEELS (a exotic dancer)
What's your favoritest thing about me?
   Definitely the freckles. I'm really into the freckles.
Can you guess what I'm thinkin' about right now?
   A small furry animal?
Do you think payin' for sex makes you a bad person?
   I hope not! Otherwise, I am a VERY bad person.
You ever go online and watch webcam girls?
   All the time! I've lost a lot of money that way...
Do you got any ideas of how I can make more money?
   Sell pictures of your feet on the internet.
How much ya think I should charge for a hand job?
   I feel like a hundred dollars would be a fair price.
What grade did you get up to in school?
   I finished high school, but I never went to college.
You ever have any of those... what do they call 'em? STDs?
   I caught one once, but thankfully it wasn't permanent.
Can I have some money? Pretty please?
   All I have are seeds... will you take seeds?
You got any cocaine on ya?
   Not at the moment. I can probably get some later though.
Can you tell me somethin' interestin' about yourself?
   I'm friends with a magical fairy who kinda has a thing for you.
Can you guess how many times I been pregnant?
   It can't possibly be more than like, three, right? Right!?

Nora (8): Loves ROMANCE, Hates FLIRTATION
BABY_BOY (a caring aunt), SNEAKERS (a tomboy)
You ever break the law?
   Oh yeah, I was quite rebellious in my younger years.
What do you think about the prison system?
   Some of the sentences they give out are way too harsh.
Would you ever date an ex-convict?
   It depends what she did.
If we were out and some dickhead started talkin' shit to me, what would you do?
   Nothing. You're a big girl, you can handle it.
Do you think of yourself as like, a pessimist, or an optimist?
   Neither really... I think of myself as more of a realist.
Do you got any regrets about shit you did in the past?
   Where do I start?
Is there anything that like, keeps you up at night?
   Thinking about the messed up state of our world...
When was the last time you cried?
   It's been a long time. I was probably a kid.
What's the harshest life lesson you've ever had to learn?
   You can't trust anybody... not even your closest friends.
So, when you were a kid, what did you wanna be when you grew up?
   Anything that paid really well, like a doctor or a lawyer.
How close are you with your family?
   We're very, very close. Family is extremely important to me.
Do you ever wanna have kids?
   Yeah, definitely. I plan to have at least a couple of them.

Brooke (9): Loves TALENT, Hates ROMANCE
HANDBAGS (a high status woman), WEDGES (a woman in charge)
How do you feel about women who have kids?
   That's fine, as long as I don't have to see them.
Do you think it's wrong to be materialistic?
   Not at all. It's just human nature.
What kind of car you drive, hmm?
   Not to brag, but I DO have a high end European sports car...
What kind of gifts do you usually get your girlfriends on their birthday?
   I just ask her what she wants so I don't have to think about it.
What made you want to get into the sugar baby business?
   I guess I just have a thing for older women...
Do you give money to homeless people?
   Absolutely not. They'd just blow it on drugs or something.
What's your opinion on alimony payments?
   If you get used to a certain lifestyle, you shouldn't have to give it up.
Why do you think the divorce rate is so high these days?
   Most husbands don't know how to make their wives happy.
Do you think there's anything I can do to feel more attracted to my husband?
   Why should you? It's up to him to attract you, isn't it?
Have you ever had to use an aid to help you get ready for sex?
   Not even once. I'm ready to go at the drop of a hat.
How do you feel about veiny boobs?
   Not a fan. They kinda creep me out a little.
Can you guess which part of my body I HAVEN'T had plastic surgery on?
   I'm gonna take a wild guess and say... your ass?

Ashley (0): Loves SEXUALITY, Hates ROMANCE
BAND (a musician), GLADIATORS (a fashion model)
Are you more of a tit man or an ass man?
   Neither... I'm more of a personality man.
When did you first lose the ol' v-card?
   Please, I lost that shit while I was still in the womb.
Do you have any nicknames that people call you?
   This really annoying chick keeps calling me "Sweet Cheeks".
Have you ever tried to suck your own dick?
   Of course... and successfully I might add!
Do you think there's anything so serious that we shouldn't joke about it?
   Nah, I think everything should be on the table.
Which social cliche were you part of back in high school?
   Believe it to not, in high school I was kind of a jock.
Is there anything in your past that you're ashamed of? Come on, give me something juicy...
   Nope, sorry, I HAVE no shame.
Would you eat a chick out if she was on her period?
   I'm not happy about it, but I'd take one for the team.
What do you think my bandmates and I should call our band?
   How about... "Worthless Holes"? It fits you perfectly!
Can you guess the name I gave to my vibrator?
   Fuck, I don't know... "humpie" or something like that?
Would you... fuck your dad if it meant you got a perfect sex bot in return?
   Why bother? I already have a sex bot named Ashley.
Would you rather somebody pee in your mouth or shit on your chest?
   Do I have to pick just one? Why not both?

Abia (-): Loves SEXUALITY, Hates TALENT
KINKY (a total freak), FLATS (a foreign girl)
What's the most embarrassing thing you've done while, uhh... having relations?
   I hate to admit it, but... finishing too quickly.
When you're... uhh, m-making love... are you more dominate, or more submissive?
   I prefer to take on the more dominate role.
Is there anything that you WOULDN'T do... with a girl?
   Nah, I'm pretty much game for anything.
I can't believe I'm asking this, but, umm... what do you do if you get horny at work?
   I just go into the bathroom and take care of business.
Have you ever been caught... p-playing with yourself before?
   I'll never forget the day my mom walked in on me...
How long can you go without needing to... you know... uhh, pleasure yourself?
   My all time record is about six hours.
What's your favorite... shall way say... adult, role play scenario?
   Sex slavery, where she's the slave and I'm the master.
How would you describe the taste of... a lady?
   It tastes like a sweaty armpit smells.
Have you ever watched very strange porn,  but, ended up sort of... liking it?
   I may have recently developed a water sports fetish...
Do you sleep naked, or with clothes on?
   Totally nude! Nothing but my birthday suit!
Do you like to put on music when you're... with a girl?
   I turn the volume all the way up so my neighbors can't hear.
What are you thinking about right now?
   Boobs, always boobs. Big ones, small ones, medium sized ones...

Polly (=): Loves FLIRTATION, Hates TALENT
ANTIQUES (an old-fashioned girl), PUMPS (a classy gal)
What's your dream wedding like?
   I'm going all out with a huge venue, flowers, doves... the works!
How long should a couple be datin' before they consider marriage?
   If you don't know in six months, it's not going to work out.
Do you believe in traditional gender roles?
   Personally? I feel good about fulfilling my obligations as a man.
If you could be born in the past or the future, which one would you choose?
   I'd be much happier in the past. Those were simpler times.
Which of these would you choose if you could only choose one: money, power, or fame?
   Power is everything. How could you NOT choose power?
How do you feel about the idea of an open relationship?
   I think it's a good way to ruin a relationship forever.
Would you rather your partner be good in the kitchen, or good in the bedroom?
   Sex is great, but nothing beats a delicious home cooked meal.
What do you like to do after... well, you know, after you do it.
   I like to cuddle for a little while.
When do you think a person should be ready to settle down?
   I don't see anything wrong with getting hitched in your twenties.
What kind of girls are you into, hmm? What's your type?
   I like girly girls. Lipstick, perfume, cute dresses and heels!
Do you have any good video ideas for my channel?
   Why don't you try doing an ASMR video?
Is there anything you do in the shower to keep yourself entertained?
   Sometimes I sing an entire album in there!